✨ Add PyTorch image classification example (#13134)
huggingface/transformers: examples/pytorch/vision/README.md

> <!---

Reviewer: @sgugger - is `pytorch/vision` not a bit too general? Given that we have `examples/pytorch/text-classification/run_glue.py` I think the better structure would be `examples/pytorch/image-classification/run_image_classification.py` here no?

Reviewer: Never mind - just saw your comment!

Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Image classification examples

> The following example showcases how to fine-tune a `ViT` for image-classification using PyTorch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples showcase how to fine-tune a `ViT` for image-classification using PyTorch.
```

    --per_device_eval_batch_size 32 \
    --logging_strategy steps \
    --logging_steps 10 \
    --evaluation_strategy epoch \
    --save_strategy epoch \
    --load_best_model_at_end True \
    --save_total_limit 3 \
    --seed 1337
```

## Using your own data

To use your own dataset, the training script expects the following directory structure:

```bash
root/dog/xxx.png
root/dog/xxy.png
root/dog/[...]/xxz.png

root/cat/123.png
root/cat/nsdf3.png
root/cat/[...]/asd932_.png
```

Once you've prepared your dataset, you can can run the script like this:

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --dataset_name nateraw/image-folder \
    --train_dir <path-to-train-root> \
    --output_dir ./outputs/ \
    --remove_unused_columns False \
    --do_train \
    --do_eval
```

### 💡 The above will split the train dir into training and evaluation sets
  - To control the split amount, use the `--train_val_split` flag.
  - To provide your own validation split in its own directory, you can pass the `--validation_dir <path-to-val-root>` flag.

## Sharing your model on 🤗 Hub

0. If you haven't already, [sign up](https://huggingface.co/join) for a 🤗 account

> 1. Make sure you have `git-lfs` installed.
> 
> ```bash
> $ apt install git-lfs
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have `git-lfs` installed and git setup.

```bash
$ apt install git-lfs
git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
```
```
Not sure if this is needed, but if you run the script in Google Colab for example then you also need to setup git (based on Sylvain's notebooks such as [this one](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/examples/text_classification.ipynb)).

> 2. Log in using `huggingface-cli`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Log in with your HuggingFace account credentials using `huggingface-cli`
```

```bash
$ huggingface-cli login
# ...follow the prompts
```

3. When running the script, pass the following arguments:

```bash
python run_image_classification.py \
    --push_to_hub \

>     --push_to_hub_model_id <name-your-model> \

Reviewer 2: Is it also possible to push to a certain organization?

Author: Yup, this is all handled through trainer arguments
